Scenario Manager does not really do anything yet, but some of the controls 
work:

Open an existing Scenario Manager (.smgx) project file:

  Select menu item: File | Open
  Browse to select file test.smgx.
  
The left panel contains a tree view of the project:

  The first level is the scenario level (currently identified by the USGS 
  logo).
  Each scenario can be expanded to reveal a second level (the package level).
  Each package can be expanded to reveal a third level (the feature-set level).
  
A highlighted scenario, package, or feature-set name can be edited by clicking 
on the name.  

The description in the right panel can be edited.

Currently, the Well and River packages are supported.  Other packages will be 
added.  Packages and feature sets are identified as belonging to the Well 
package or the River package by corresponding icons.

Right-click on a scenario in the left panel and select "Add New Package" to add 
a package.  A scenario can contain at most one Well package and one River 
package.

Right-click on a package to add a feature set in a similar way.  Each package 
can contain any number of feature sets.

Other actions on the popup menu that appears when a tree node is right-clicked 
work as one would expect.

Packages and feature sets can be copied and pasted using the right-click popup 
menu or the usual <CTRL>-C and <CTRL>-V key combinations.

Packages and feature sets can be moved by dragging and dropping, or by <CTRL>-X 
followed by <CTRL>-V, while appropriate tree nodes are selected.

A new scenario can be added using menu item Edit | Add New Scenario.

The Edit menu has Undo and Redo items, which can be used as one would expect.

The New, Save, Save As, and Exit items on the File menu work as one would 
expect.  Other menu items are nonfunctional and disabled.

For any tree node at the feature-set level, the popup menu has an Edit option, 
which opens a dialog that can be used to set up and display details of the 
selected feature set.  This dialog also can be opened by double-clicking on the 
feature-set node.  The Filter tool at the top of the feature-set dialog window
is not yet functional.

On the General tab of the feature-set dialog, the feature set can be renamed, 
and a shapefile and a time-series file can be selected.

The Display tab of the feature-set dialog shows a map of the features contained 
in the selected shapefile, an explanation, and an index map.

The panels can be resized.

Currently, there is no logic to prevent closing a project that has unsaved 
changes.

  