New or improved capabilities supported in version 0.1.2 of Scenario Tools, relative to version 0.1.1.


Scenario Manager

  A georeferenced image file (e.g. TIF) for a Scenario Manager project can be imported and displayed in the window used to edit feature sets.
  
  For each feature set (e.g. a well feature set), you have the option to have Scenario Manager label each feature in the MODFLOW input file with the feature set name, the feature name (from the shapefile attribute used to link features in the shapefile with data in the time-series file), or both.
  
  Layer assignment for each feature can be based on comparison of cell top and bottom elevations with shapefile attributes that contain top and bottom elevations (e.g. well screen top and bottom).  For wells, if the well screen encompasses cells in multiple layers, multiple well cells are defined, and pump rates for individual well cells are assigned such that the total for the individual well cells equals the total pumping rate for the well.  The pump rate for each well cell is apportioned according to the part of the cell thickness intersected by the interval between the well (screen) top and bottom elevations relative to the sum of the intersected thicknesses.  Quasi-3D confining beds intersected by the interval between the well (screen) top and bottom elevations are ignored in these computations.
 
  On export of a scenario, a PDF file documenting the MODFLOW files that are part of the scenario is written.  Documentation of feature sets includes the data sources and summary information.  Any user-provided descriptions of scenarios, MODFLOW packages, and feature sets also are included.
  
  
Scenario Analyzer

  Map data are accurately plotted in model-cell locations identified by an ESRI shapefile of the model-grid polygons.  
  
  A georeferenced image file (e.g. TIF) for a Scenario Analyzer project can be imported and displayed in the window used to design a map, in the main window, and in the PDF file generated by a Scenario Analyzer project.
  
  Maps generated by Scenario Analyzer now include an explanation and a scale bar.
  
  In a table of observations, you know have the option to include observation time in the table.
